docs: align landing pages with model (#2272)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/howto/index.rst

How-to guides
=============

Charmcraft's how-to guides provide comprehensive, step-by-step instructions for the most

> common charm development tasks--from initializing a project to publishing it on

Author: https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/pull/2272/commits/a200349c7334c7deaa19accd24d4e959a17cf41a

Charmhub.

Install Charmcraft
------------------

Charmcraft can be installed in just a few short steps, regardless of if you are
installing on Linux, macOS, or an isolated environment. Specific instructions for

> installing Charmcraft and setting up your build container can be found in the following
> guide:
> 
> .. toctree::
>     :maxdepth: 2
> 
>     manage-charmcraft

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installing Charmcraft and setting up your build container can be found in
:ref:`manage-charmcraft`.
```

Craft charms
------------

Nearly every aspect of your charm can be configured to suit the needs of the application
you are charming. Once you initialize the project with either the default profile or one
of Charmcraft's web app extensions, you can modify a charm's YAML and Ops-powered Python
to include any necessary libraries, parts, or other assets your application may require.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    manage-charms
    Manage builds <build-guides/index>
    Manage 12-factor app charms <manage-web-app-charms/index>
    manage-parts
    manage-resources
    manage-libraries
    manage-extensions
    manage-bundles

Publish charms and manage releases
----------------------------------

> When you're ready to share your charm, Charmcraft provides commands to register its
> name, publish it to Charmhub, and manage subsequent releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're ready to distribute your charm, Charmcraft provides commands to register it,
publish it to Charmhub, and manage its releases.
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/pull/2272/commits/a200349c7334c7deaa19accd24d4e959a17cf41a
